docs: add about Config in Modules (#5366)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/general/modules.rst

Config files are automatically discovered whenever using the **config()** function that is always available.

> .. note:: **config()** finds the file in **app/Config/** when there is a class with the same shortname,

Reviewer: add also on the disabling of the `$preferApp` option if this behavior is not desired.

Author: There is no way to do so.

Reviewer 2: More docs are good! But we do already cover this in `Factories`: https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/concepts/factories.html#factories-options

Maybe adding a link back to there, "for more information".

Author: @MGatner @paulbalandan I added more explanation for `config()`.

>     even if you specify a full qualified class name like ``config(\Acme\Blog\Config\Blog::class)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    even if you specify a fully qualified class name like ``config(\Acme\Blog\Config\Blog::class)``.
```

Config files are automatically discovered whenever using the **config()** function that is always available.

.. note:: We don't recommend you use the same short classname in modules.
    Modules that need to override or add to known configurations in **app/Config/** should use :ref:`registrars`.

.. note:: **config()** finds the file in **app/Config/** when there is a class with the same shortname,
    even if you specify a fully qualified class name like ``config(\Acme\Blog\Config\Blog::class)``.

>     This is because ``Factories``'s the default configuration. See :ref:`factories-options` for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This is because ``config()`` is a wrapper for the ``Factories`` class which uses ``preferApp`` by default. See :ref:`factories-options` for more information.
```
